# Online-Advertisement-Click-Through-Prediction
REAL-WORLD BIG DATA ANALYTICS USING SPARK FRAMEWORK ON ALIBABA E- COMMERCE DATASET

The shape of the marketing world is changing dynamically with the advent of new trends and technology. With rapid digitalization and low cost, online marketing becomes critical for business to drive traffic, leads, and sales. Displaying advertisements on various platforms is becoming one of the most efficient ways to acquire customers. Taobao, as the largest online retail platform in the world, provides billions of online display ads positions for millions of advertisers every day.

The click-through rate (CTR) is an important indicator to measure the effectiveness of the advertising display. Knowing in advance the CTR of each advertisement is critical for both advertisement platforms and advertisers. It will help advertisement platforms better allocate traffic and earn more total revenue from advertises. It will also help advertisers acquire more customers. The goal of this analysis is to accurately predict CTR for ads display and identify key features related to conversion. Basic prediction methods like logistic regression and XGboost were used at first. Then, in order to capture the complex mapping relation among different features and increase prediction accuracy, deep learning was introduced. Deep Factorization machines (DFM) and Deep Interest Network (DIN) achieved an AUC of 0.78 respectively ability of classify users in click or not click.

Further research on important features of the model illuminated the importance of customer behaviors and customer demographics. Some particular customer groups are more likely to click into advertisements. Thus, we suggest advertisement platform target ads for specific customers to increase CTR. Also, with different brand popularity and ads attractiveness, advertisements may be particularly attractive to customers. Platforms should assign different weights to different advertisers, thus achieve higher CTR and higher revenue.

Data Sources: https://tianchi.aliyun.com/dataset/dataDetail?dataId=56
